21 days -- if on track, can avoid talking to mngt.

Practice regularly same thing again and again until it becomes too mundane







2376 Q : How one can control the attachment for materiality?

A : When a factory is working, the energy comes from the engine and rotates its every part. Now, if you want to control it and try to hold one wheel, the result will be that your hand will be crushed to pieces. You can never control it in that way. If you want to stop that machine, then get control over the source from where the energy is being supplied. Then the machine will stop. Now it is evident that in order to have control over the materiality, you should have control over spirituality [consciousness], and all of us do the same thing. You already know the methods of acquiring control over the spirituality, for which the practice and satsangh are absolutely essential.

Ram Chandra, Complete Works of Ram Chandra, Vol. 2 (2nd Indian edn., 1999), p. 318 , Daily Reflections Sat, Aug 5, 2017








https://macuisinebeaute.com/2019/10/its-possibleyou-can-do-it/amp

Getting successful,ilt’s not a magic trick

At some point in your life and you are not satisfied with who you are, you need to change some things. But you have to make a conscious decision that you are going to change, and it doesn’t depend on anyone else, no matter what your colleagues think, what your brothers and sisters think, what your children think, it doesn’t matter, they have nothing to do with it. This decision is yours. Don’t let anyone tell you that you can’t. Many times as a leader, many times as a business entrepreneur, many times as a citizen, you will have a business or product idea where the rest of the world says it is impossible, and you must be confident that you will succeed and defeat any demotivating idea and prove that the impossible is an illusion. You absolutely must clean your mind inside out, to achieve a high level of self-confidence, and let everyone say you know what? I reject your vision, or it’s impossible, and you, you have to be that lonely voice that’s going to say, you know what? It’s possible, watch me do it. I won’t let anything shape me. I won’t let anything stop me. I will not let anything stop my happiness and growth. You have to live beyond reality.

And before you do it you have to see yourself doing it. Before you even accomplish it, see yourself accomplishing it. Your perception is everything, not your circumstances, not your situation, it’s the way you see it. And if you can learn to see it correctly, if you can learn to overcome the pain, to overcome the little pain of discomfort, and if you can learn to see it exactly as you dream of being or having it, I guarantee you that you can be what you want to be, you can have what you want to have, you can do what you want to do.

 